# List of things to be done in the near (or far (or very far)) future, in no particular order:

1.- Allow the definition and loading of custom shaders for the deferred shading pass of the scene (so far it's hardcoded in scene.cpp as {vertex/fragment}_deferred_lighting.glsl)
    1.1.- Where will the users be able to specify it? Config .ini file or scene .xml file?
2.- Define a proper format for our scenes, enabling specificaiton for models, textures, positions, rotations, etc.
    2.1.- Copy Mitsuba's format? Or will it be time consuming? hmmm
    2.2.- Hardcode a test scene? just specify a camera position, shaders, a target texture and a few shaders (deferred lighting are defined by default)
3.- Remember the structure of the GBuffer! [ AND CHANGE IT WHENEVER YOU NEED IT, IT'S JUST A PLACEHOOLDER FOR NOW ]
    3.1.- //write here the structure, i forgot it
4.- WRITE THE SHADERS FOR RENDERING THE TEST SCENE -- DONE (I hope it doesn't explode :) )
    4.1.- STILL LEFT TO DO --> Properly set the uniforms for the 3 shader passes (write code in the set_somethingsomething_uniforms() methods I created a few days ago)
5.- What about the m_fullscreen_vao? -- Do this second, needed to render properly
    5.1.- Do I need it or can it be bypassed by generating fake vertex coords in the deferred lighting shader?
    5.2.- This is going to come back later to bite me in the ass I can see it, clear as day
6.- Think about more things that are to be done/improved/debugged/worsened



[9-4-23]
UI Work Pending: - I can choose response curves now, should I create a preview for them?
                 - Should I let users choose a colorspace to render to? Or always to sRGB?
                 - Put a button to hot reload shaders, I already have the function to do so

Other tasks:     - Change fragment shader and add the parameters I've enabled to be changed via the UI (response curve as tex1d, #wls, strat, etc.)
                 - Change fragment shader and add calculations to go from spec2rgb (multiply by resp. curve)
                 - Add CIE 193(1 or 2?) (also more CIE curves?) to the available response curves
                 - Add a few materials and a test scene with a single dir light, I guess (not this week, unlikely to happen)
